# EconetSentimentAnalysis

Econet Wireless Zimbabwe is one of the biggest and most successful companies in Zimbabwe. The Mobile Network Operator (MNO) is the dominant player in the mobile telecommunications sector, commanding a market share of 66.3% (total mobile subscribers) as of the fourth quarter of 2018. The entity has diversified since its inception in 1998, extending its arms to sectors such as banking (mobile & traditional), insurance, digital education and even solar energy. Arguably, one of the reasons why Zimbabweans have embraced Econet is because of the goodwill it gained from the public amid its contentious founding and the battle it had with the government for the right to operate. However, that sentiment has gradually eroded over the years, increasingly becoming more and more negative over the last few years.

The purpose of this project was to investigate the sentiment of Econet subscribers towards the brand(s) of the MNO and how that has changed over the last 7 years in particular. Econet’s customer service strategy includes social media, where a dedicated account is responsible for handling customer complaints. The data source for this project was subscriber interactions with this account, as well as any other tweets that mentioned Econet or any of its brands. The exercise was essentially a natural language processing (NLP) task, analyzing the sentiment of tweets progressively from 2012 (the year the first official Econet account joined twitter) to early 2019.

If you aren't too much interested in the code part of this project, please go right ahead and open the pdf report contained in this repository.
